Update for get started samples (#10975)
openvinotoolkit/openvino: docs/get_started/get_started_demos.md

3. <a href="download-media">Download media files to run inference on.</a>
4. <a href="run-image-classification">Run inference on the sample and see the results:</a>
    - <a href="run-image-classification">Image Classification Code Sample</a>

> If you installed OpenVINO™ via `pip` you can quickly getting started with the product by trying these [tutorials](https://github.com/openvinotoolkit/openvino_notebooks/tree/main/notebooks).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you installed OpenVINO™ via `pip`, you can quickly getting started with the product by trying these [tutorials](https://github.com/openvinotoolkit/openvino_notebooks/tree/main/notebooks).
```

Author: reworked

  
@endsphinxdirective

## Install OpenVINO Development Tools

> To install OpenVINO Development Tools for working with Caffe* models use following command: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To install OpenVINO Development Tools for working with Caffe* models, use following command: 
```

   .. code-block:: sh

      info_dumper --print_all

.. tab:: Windows

   .. code-block:: bat

      info_dumper --print_all

.. tab:: macOS

   .. code-block:: sh

      info_dumper --print_all

> @endsphinxdirective

Reviewer 2: BTW, do we need tabs for OSes? I suppose python tools work in unified manner for al operation systems and we can provide a single command.

Reviewer 2: the same is valid for other places as well, which are OS-independent.

> ### Use 'grep' to list models that have a specific name pattern

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Use grep to List Models of a Same Naming Pattern
```

You can use the following command to list models of a same naming pattern:

Reviewer: I think this heading and the heading above "List the models available in the downloader" should not be headings. They seem to be two options to find models. and the text after them is another topic which should have a heading. Please check.

Author: reworked

``` sh
   info_dumper --print_all | grep <model_name>
```

> Use the Model Downloader to download the models to a models directory. This guide uses `<models_dir>` and `<models_name>` as placeholders for the models directory and model name:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Use Model Downloader to Download Models to a Directory

This guide uses `<models_dir>` and `<models_name>` as placeholders for the models directory and model name:
```

Author: reworked.

   Don't run downloader with `sudo`. It will further lead to complications

>    .. code-block:: sh

Reviewer: ```suggestion

   .. code-block:: sh
```

      omz_downloader --name <model_name> --output_dir <models_dir>

.. tab:: Windows

   .. code-block:: bat

      omz_downloader --name <model_name> --output_dir <models_dir>

.. tab:: macOS

   Don't run downloader with `sudo`. It will further lead to complications

>    .. code-block:: sh

Reviewer: ```suggestion

   .. code-block:: sh
```

      omz_downloader --name <model_name> --output_dir <models_dir>

@endsphinxdirective

> 

Reviewer 2: the line below still contains reference to "Security Barrier Camera"

@sphinxdirective

> .. tab:: Linux

Reviewer 2: these tabs seem to be OS-independent

@endsphinxdirective

   **MYRIAD:**

>    > **NOTE**: Running inference on VPU devices (Intel® Movidius™ Neural Compute Stick or Intel® Neural Compute Stick 2) with the MYRIAD plugin requires [additional hardware configuration steps](inference-engine/README.md#optional-additional-installation-steps-for-the-intel-movidius-neural-compute-stick-and-neural-compute-stick-2), as described earlier on this page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   > **NOTE**: Running inference on VPU devices (Intel® Movidius™ Neural Compute Stick or Intel® Neural Compute Stick 2) with the MYRIAD plugin requires [additional hardware configuration steps](../install_guides/configurations-for-ncs2.md), as described earlier on this page.
```

@endsphinxdirective

> The following commands run the Image Classification Code Sample using the [`car.png`](https://storage.openvinotoolkit.org/data/test_data/images/car.png) file as an input image, the model in IR format from the `ir` directory, and on different hardware devices:

Reviewer 2: it's not rendered well for me..

Author: replace squeezenet1.1 with googlenet-v1. Use https://storage.openvinotoolkit.org/data/test_data/images/224x224/dog.bmp for classification
